Tabby2 is a web application providing predictions of future TB
epidemiology in the United States under a range of different assumptions
and policy scenarios. Users can select a health outcome and
subpopulation of interest, then select one or multiple scenarios to
compare. Results are displayed graphically, and following inputs from
the user the graphs update automatically to reflect the new selections.
Visualizations can be downloaded in various formats, and the estimates
underlying the graphs can also be downloaded in tabular format.

The estimates shown by Tabby are based on a transmission-dynamic model
of TB epidemiology in the US, incorporating TB transmission and natural
history; TB drug resistance patterns; prior and future TB prevention and
control; the impact of HIV on TB; heterogeneity in TB risks among
US-born and foreign-born populations; and age-based differences in
disease mechanisms and risk factor prevalence. Detailed methods
(analytic methods, scenario and outcome definitions) and main results
for this analysis are described in detail in "Prospects for tuberculosis
elimination in the United States: results of a transmission dynamic
model".

The findings and conclusions described in this web application and
linked journal article are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily
represent the views of the US Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention. This web tool was funded by the CDC, National Center for
HIV, Viral Hepatitis, STD, and TB Prevention Epidemiologic and Economic
Modeling Agreement (NEEMA, \# 5U38PS004644-01).

### 508 Accessibility of This Product

Section 508 requires Federal agencies and grantees receiving Federal
funds to ensure that individuals with disabilities who are members of
the public or Federal employees have access to and use of electronic and
information technology (EIT) that is comparable to that provided to
individuals without disabilities, unless an undue burden would be
imposed on the agency.

if you need assistance with this web application, please contact
<ppml@hsph.harvard.edu> .

