# Definitions and Abbreviations

#### **Base Case**

The base case is the default scenario, assuming no change in current TB
prevention and control activities. This scenario is automatically
included in all visualizations, and other scenarios are defined and
analyzed with reference to this scenario.

#### **Uncertainty Intervals**

Uncertainty intervals are used to express the degree of uncertainty
associated with a statistic. Where the intervals are wider, this means
that there is greater uncertainty about the true value of the statistic.
For the uncertainty intervals shown in the visualizations, there is a
2.5% probability (a one-in-forty chance) that the true value is above
the upper end of the interval, and a 2.5% probability that the true
value is below the lower end of the interval.

#### **Dynamic Transmission Model**

Dynamic transmission models are systems of mathematical equations
designed to reproduce the epidemiology of communicable diseases. These
analyses assume that improvements in disease control (such as more rapid
diagnosis and treatment of infectious individuals) will reduce the risk
that uninfected individuals will be exposed to infection. In this
manner, individuals not directly reached by an intervention may still
benefit by experiencing a lower risk of infection.

#### **Incident Cases**

Incident cases are new disease cases. Incidence refers to the number of
new cases that develop in a particular population in a given period of
time.

#### **Isoniazid (INH)**

A medicine used to prevent TB disease in people who have latent TB
infection. INH is also one of the four medicines often used to treat TB
disease.

#### **LTBI – Latent tuberculosis infection**

A condition in which TB bacteria are alive, but inactive in the body.
People with latent TB infection have no symptoms, don’t feel sick, can’t
spread TB to others, and usually have a positive TB skin test or
positive TB blood test reaction. However, they may develop TB disease if
they do not receive treatment for latent TB infection.

#### **MDR-TB – Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis**

Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis includes strains of TB that are
resistant to isoniazid and rifampin, two common and potent TB drugs.

#### **Prevalence**

The number of cases of a disease present in a population at a given
time.

#### **Rifapentine (RPT)**

A medication used to treat latent TB infection.

#### **TLTBI**
Treatment and testing for latent tuberculosis infection

#### **TB – Tuberculosis**

A disease caused by bacteria that are spread from person to person
through the air. TB usually affects the lungs, but it can also affect
other parts of the body, such as the brain, the kidneys, or the spine.
In most cases, TB is treatable and curable; however, people with TB can
die if they do not get proper treatment.
